love myself, love yourself, peace.
if you want to love others, I think you should love yourself first.
the biggest love we’re all searching for is the love for one’s self.
you may have many faults and have many fears, but make sure to embrace yourself as hard as you can, and start loving yourself little by little.
you don't know everything. that does not make you stupid.
stop punishing yourself for the mistakes you made as a child.
your self-worth is not defined by productivity.
it's okay if you're tired. take a break. r e s t.
all of your feelings are valid.
any accomplishment no matter how small it is, is a huge win for you.
don't feel guilty for doing what is best for you.
be someone who shares their happiness not their anger.
it's okay if you are not okay with it.
don't forget to look after yourself. be kind to one another.
try to think positive.
your right now is not your forever. things will change for the better.
it's okay to ask for help. no one can do everything on their own.
don't do something that you do not want to do. do things at your own will.
wear your troubles, darkness, tragedies not as shackles but as armor. let them make you stronger. don't let them hold you down.
once you start to love yourself. it doesn't matter who doesn't love you.
this is a reminder. but know that the right person will come along and you won't have to do anything to keep them interested. why? because you are enough.
don't try to change yourself for everyone because at your best you won't be right for the wrong person, but at your worst you'll be worth it to the right person.
stop settling for less than you deserve. you are enough. you are worth more than anything.
you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. try approving of yourself and see what happens.
be so completely yourself that everyone else feels safe to be themselves, too.
owning your story and loving yourselves through that process is the bravest thing that you’ll ever do.
just do what works for you, because there will always be somebody who thinks differently.
you yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
be comfortable with yourself. because the worst form of loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.
remember that loving yourself isn't vanity; it's sanity.
